# map-project
## An introduction and a disclaimer
This is a proof of concept not a real application that could be used in a production environment. I hope it presents all features requested but there are some problems inherently connected to using ajax api. I've listed a few restaurants located in my town, Bologna in Italy. They are 'real' places and their owners have never thought to upload photographs of their premisses and so google street view is not able to find anything and fall down to other places, inside the radius (50 metres) I hard coded in the function. i have added "more suggestions" coming from Yelp API but this site hosts only places that have received reviews from some tourists (quite often american tourists) and so all suggestions are quite far (from a pedestrian point of view) from that area and totally irrelevant as suggestions. I've tried to find an Italian or European site that offered an API service so efficient as Yelp but I didn't find anything. For a production application I should have wrote a web scraping function but it would have taken a few weeks or months of work. 
## Description of the application 
The application presents the street map, with a few feature colours changed, of a small selection of restaurants in the nearby of University of Bologna, where I actually live. All places are hard coded in an array with name and location, an object with latitude and longitude. I've used the default google map markers and added, on a click event, an infowindow with streetview, always from google map api. 
In a panel box, on the side of the map, I've added a search form that make appear all places found inside the panel box, and whenever you move the mouse out of the form, all found markers on the map. Then if you click on a marker only the usual infowindow will appear, but if you click on the name of the restaurant inside the panel box you will see both the infowindow, on the map, and a series of suggestions coming from Yelp, in the panel box.
